Update patrick.md (#11)
ml4sts/ml4sts.github.io: _people/patrick.md

importance: 5
status: active
---

> Patrick Dowd is an undergraduate student at the Univeristy of Rhode Island and a research assistant for Professor Brown for an open source fairness forensics software called Wiggum. As a research assistant Patrick's main tasks included wrting scripts to generate synthetic data to test source code with, record the results and report results to the team. In addition to this Patrick's duties also included updating wiggums main repository. These updates included adding a .github file for workflows, creating a pipefile, resolving dependicies/ security concerns and updateing documentation for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patrick Dowd is an undergraduate student at the Univeristy of Rhode Island and a research assistant for Professor Brown for an open source fairness forensics software called Wiggum. As a research assistant Patrick's main tasks included writing scripts to generate synthetic data to test source code with, record the results and report results to the team. He implemented and tested an accelerated version of the code devised by Shine Xu, a collaborator from University of Oklahoma. Additionally, Patrick updated the Wiggum repository infrastructure. These updates included adding a GitHub action for building the documentation and running the tests, creating a pipfile to manage the depencies, resolving dependencies/ security concerns and updating documentation for the project.
```

Author: Yep, all set to merge.
